Greetings from SRM Hackathon,

After a triumphant inaugural edition, SRM Hackathon is back and this time it promises to be bigger and better. We, the team of IT Association of SRM University Chennai, take immense pride in inviting you to be a part of the most exemplary Hackathon of the season.
SRM Hackathon is an impeccable platform that is aimed at testing the inventive, imaginative and technical proficiencies of the participants. At SRM Hackathon, we conceptualise a flawless future by coming up with ingenious solutions to real life problems. Last year’s edition witnessed a participation of over 600 developers coming from cities like Delhi, Guwahati and Bangalore, with some of them working in top MNCs like Ola. This year’s SRM Hackathon will be conducted over a period of two days on the 6th and 7th of October 2017 at SRM University, Kattankulathur Campus, Chennai. We invite young students and professionals with a team size of 2-5 and age limit of up to 30 years to prove their mettle in innovation, design and development. The last date for idea submission is 30th September, 2017. The themes of SRM Hackathon are chosen prudently, keeping in mind their present day relevance and their significance in making the world a better place to live in. The themes for SRM Hackathon are: 
Environment
Rural Development
Judiciary
Food Processing and Manufacturing
Media and Entertainment
Transportation
Prizes worth 3 Lakhs are up for grabs! This edition of SRM Hackathon includes various special prizes like Eureka! – Team with the best idea, SheHack – Best Girl Team, Lone Coder – The know-it-all developer and many more.  
First prize worth 1,50,000
Second prize worth 1,00,000
Third prize worth 50,000
The Judging Panel of SRM Hackathon will consist of highly qualified, prudent and discerning individuals hailing from diverse fields and areas of proficiency including CEOs of IT companies, entrepreneurs and erudite technicians. Their judgement and guidance will ensure that the projects are efficient, versatile and adaptable to different scenarios. The best ones might get a chance for further development and funding.

We wish to receive a positive and warm response and await your arrival at SRM Hackathon.
Register at srmhackathon.com
 
Thanking You,
 
Niharika Krishnan
Organizer
Team SRM Hackathon
+91-7507640066
organizer@srmhackathon.com
